Hello everyone and welcome back to another lesson here at English Pod, my name is Marco
and my name is Katherine and today, Marco, you and I are talking about movies, right?
We're talking a little bit about movies but mostly we're having a big argument.
Okay, I kind of like arguments. Lots of great words and phrases for you to learn here in English
but we've got an upper intermediate level lesson with some people who are not getting along very well
It's a couple, a guy in a girl and they're having a fight as couples do
so we're going to be learning a lot of the different language that they are using in this very heated debate
so let's listen to this dialogue for the first time and then we'll be right back.
Wow, the terrible movie is finally over. Next time I'm picking the film because I don't want to end up seeing
Well, you should have picked in the end you always complain about everything. Not everything, just this film
Even the title is ridiculous and it's so long. Those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life
So much so that I'm thinking about asking them to give me my money back. I'm thinking of taking you back home
I thought we could have a nice evening, but you're always so negative
I'm only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage
You see that's what I'm talking about. I can't stand your sarcastic jokes anymore.
Next time go with your gay friend who's more in touch with his feelings. Well, he's more of a man than you are
At least he appreciates love stories. Love stories more like one night stands. Don't criticize Mario
Or else I'll start on those fat drunk friends of yours. There are no scenes my friends fat
What about those whales you call friends? You're unbearable. You can walk home. I'm leaving. Bye
I think the guy was exaggerating a little bit. What do you think? I think they were both exaggerating
You know by the end of an argument. Both people are saying things that maybe they don't mean
I think we'll talk a little bit more about this
Towards the end of the show, but now why don't we take a look at language takeaway?
Language takeaway
All right on language takeaway today. We have four words and the first one that you probably saw in the very first sentence is a chick flick
Chick flick. So first of all the word chick means a woman. It's slang and it's not very nice. It's not very nice
I mean between guys you would use it. It's like all this chick or that chick, but you wouldn't really walk up to a girl and call her a chick
Right now you wouldn't say hey chick what's up? That's that's not something you want to say so
Chick is a as a slang word for a girl or a woman and that chick flick is a girl's movie
So a flick is a movie another slang word exactly. So this is the slang phrase for flick. So hey
Marka what flicks are showing at the movie theater?
All right. Yeah, so movies. So in the chick flick is usually a romantic movie a drama something that's very
Like beaches
beaches is a chick flick. I don't know if they were seen that. I've never seen it. Also
He's just not that into you is one of those new chick flick or like how to lose a guy in 10 days
Yeah, how to lose a guy in 10 days or the devil wears Prada bride wars bride wars wow
Lots of chick. I've actually never seen any one of these except how to lose a guy in 10 days
I've actually only seen that one. All right, so chick flick is a girl's a girl's a girl's woman's movie
And next up we have a word is sarcastic
What's sarcastic jokes? So sarcastic jokes or somebody being sarcastic
Marka you're always so sarcastic. So what would sarcasm sound like?
Yeah, he's really funny
All right, so it's not really what you're saying. It's kind of how you're saying it
Right, so it's kind of like by saying he's really funny you're saying yeah. He's a funny guy
But if I say oh he's really funny
I'm saying he's not funny. He's these being mean
Yeah, he's a jerk. He's a jerk. sarcasm is kind of one of those things that it's a little bit difficult to learn how to do or to actually get it right
Especially in English, right? Yeah Marco great explanation
Exactly, that's the way it goes. Oh, yeah, you're so funny. Oh, you're amazing. You should go to you went to sarcasm school
So my parents would be really mean
Sorry, you're just kidding. All right, so apart from being sarcastic you can criticize someone like you're ever critical
All right, sorry, I'll stop you really is the character right now. All right, so critical to criticize someone is to
To complain about them or to say that the things that they do are not very good so you can criticize a person or a movie
Yeah, so this movie wasn't very good. It wasn't funny the actors were bad. It was really long
These are criticisms criticism. All right, well, and then moving on the girl was finally
Tired of the guy and his complaints and she said he's unbearable
Gosh, you're unbearable, so the root of this word is to be able to
Like to stand something to bear it and so if you're unbearable
Something is unbearable. You just can't stand it. All right, so you're tired of it. You can't stand it
She's she thinks he's so unbearable. She makes him get out of the car and she leaves. Yeah, she said you can walk home
All right, so that's an unbearable person, right? Mm-hmm. Okay, so we took a look at those four main words here in order
Dialog let's move on now to some of the phrases that we found in fluency builder
Fluency builder
This first one's a common one especially when we talk about women and men and the relationship between women and men
We say about men that maybe they should be more in touch with
Their feelings or their feminine side
Yeah, okay, so if you're saying to be more in touch with your feminine side
What exactly are you saying?
So the question well what you're saying is that you want to be able to express your feelings more
Or you want to be able to understand more about your your feminine side or something like this
So to be in touch with is is more about yourself. It's about self reflection and self
Understanding so so you could say I'm a very serious person, but I want to make some changes in my life
So I'm trying to be more in touch with my inner child
Your inner child
All right, so to be in touch with and it's usually related to feelings to something
Intangible to behavior yeah, to behavior all right moving on now a heated a phrase a one night stand
Oh, I'll let you explain this one Marko. All right, so a one night stand is a casual and very quick temporal
Encounter that's usually sexual encounter. It's romantic right so it can be between
Two different people they meet each other one night
They have a relationship for one night only and then they never see each other again
So it's a it's casual it's casual very good
So yeah, you would see this you see this a lot in shows like you know sex in the city
You know, yeah, there's a lot of
One night stands in that show all right, so a one night stand and well related to this
The girl was criticizing his friends and she said they're no saints
Okay, so you could say this many different ways. He's no saint. She's no saint or I'm no saint
You're no saint so a saint is a good person. It's a word that we use in religion to say someone who's like mother Teresa or
Someone who's just really good and kind and doesn't commit any sins exactly and so to say
I'm no saint is to say well I do bad things or I say bad things. I'm not perfect. Okay, so he or they they're no saints
They do bad stuff, too. Yeah, very good. So that's the way that you would use he's no saints. They're no saints
All right, so I think now we should listen to our dialogue for the last time and we'll be right back
Wow the terrible movie is finally over next time. I'm picking the film because I don't want to end up seeing a chick flick
Well, you should have picked in the end you always complain about everything
Not everything just this film even the title was ridiculous and it's so long
Those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life
So much so that I'm thinking about asking them to give me my money back
I'm thinking of taking you back home. I thought we could have a nice evening, but you're always so negative
I'm only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage
You see that's what I'm talking about. I can't stand your sarcastic jokes anymore next time go with your gay friend who's more in touch with his feelings
Well, he's more of a man than you are at least he appreciates love stories love stories more like one night stands
Don't criticize Mario or else I'll start on those fat drunk friends of yours there no saints my friends fat
What about those whales you call friends? You're unbearable you can walk home. I'm leaving fine
You
All right, so
Katherine is this an argument that you would say is a typical among couples or maybe people that are probably about to break up right?
Not couples that are happy. I would say but yeah, you definitely have people who are
Well, I guess it's kind of the battle of the sexes, right? You have people who
Are different genders and so they don't always understand each other. You know you want to have your girlfriends as a girl
And your girlfriends behave and talk in a certain way together and guys do the same thing
But with their friends and so sometimes you have these clashes these
Interactions that are negative and you know when people are upset with each other they say mean things
And especially I think in this case, they don't really like each other's friends
Exactly, and that's a kind of a of a common thing like a guy doesn't like his his girlfriend's friends because maybe they gossip too much or something like that
And the same thing with the girl right because a guy's friends maybe drink too much
She played so many car games
So I think a lot of times these these problems also have to do with the fact that like when a girl is with her girlfriend
She maybe acts differently or with when a guy's with his guy friends and so that's weird
Sometimes for the relationship because you see your your partner acting differently with other people right
Do you like your boyfriend or girlfriend friends? Do you get in fights about this kind of stuff or you know what the in laws?
Oh, that's the whole
No, that's the whole
All right, so we want to hear from you and also if you have any questions or comments suggestions
Come to EnglishPod.com and you can leave it on our lessons page or you can email us at EnglishPod at
PraxisLanguage.com
We hope to see another website in the near future. Please get in touch with us. That's all for today. So bye. Bye